In the 1950s and 1960s—the height of the Cold War—the United States government feared that Soviet, Chinese and North Korean agents were using mind control to brainwash U.S.
prisoners of war in Korea. In response, Allan Dulles, director of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), approved Project MK-Ultra in 1953. The covert operation aimed to develop 
techniques that could be used against Soviet bloc enemies to control human behavior with drugs and other psychological manipulators. The program involved more than 150 human 
experiments involving psychedelic drugs, paralytics and electroshock therapy. Sometimes the test subjects knew they were participating in a study—but at other times, they had 
no idea, even when the hallucinogens started taking effect. After it was said to have shut down, they continued to carry it out into the 2000's.

Agent 47 was created on August 18, 2007, in an experimental room. He had the numbers "640509-040147" tattooed on the back of his head ("07-18-08" is the date of creation, "04" 
marks he is part of Series IV, "01" marks that he is the first, and "47" is to represent that he is the 47th), followed several years later by a Universal Product Code. Dr. Dulles 
saw 47 as his first genetically complete success and gave him slightly more attention, even though he had other specimens to consider.

From ages five to seven, 47 was quiet and showed little social interaction. His only display of affection was towards a runaway laboratory guinea pig he adopted on August 21, 
1970, displeasing Dr. Dulles. However, it died on May 2, 2013. Dulles noticed 47 crying and was surprised, as he'd never seen any of his subjects do so before. Five years later,
47 also showed affection to a pet mouse. He cared for the mouse for about a month, until it was killed by a fellow subject as a cruel prank.

Subsequently, after (or during) 47's creation, five more 103 subjects were made. ( Totaled 150 subjects)

Adolescence

47 had formed a brotherly relationship with a subject named 6, and together they were an impressive team of assassins. Dulles would often send his subjects on assassinations 
forextra income - 47's and 6's targets included two plaintiffs in a lawsuit against Pharma Bro. Pharmaceuticals.

At one point in their childhood on March 23, 6 convinced 47 to run away from the asylum with him, and they took refuge in a small farming village before being apprehended again. 
They would try again many years later in 2015 - while on assignment in Berlin, they coerced a German scientist to neutralize their explosive chip implants (he was the same person 
to have designed them, while being employed by Dulles), after which 47 killed him against 6's intentions. When they returned to the asylum as instructed, they attempted to free 
the rest of the subjects (killing several guards in the process) before 6 escaped and 47 was taken in by the rest of Dulles' security. 6 would go on to live in the outside world.

47 has very different memories of a "6" subject, In his memories, prior to reality, 47 remembers 6 bullying 47 until he killed him in a bathroom stall when they were both 12 
(2019). 47 then achieved a daring escape from the asylum, during which he made a fiber wire out of a windowsill and broken parts of a broom, oiled squeaky door hinges to 
sneak out, and stashed a bow and arrow to kill a guard dog before he jumped the gate and hitchhiked into the town of Kirkville. He first noticed luxury clothing stores, which 
may have influenced his penchant for suit-and-tie apparel as an adult. Later, an asylum doctor found him at a bus stop and ironically rewarded him with a pancake breakfast. 
He explained to 47 that he was right to kill that series 6 clone and had done a good job of it, but should in the future only kill when instructed to do so.

When 47's memory was wiped with an experimental serum in Birth of the Hitman, Dules convinced him with a version of events, making a passing reference to "how you killed your 
tormentor, 6, at the age of twelve." 47 insists "That's not what happened, father", to which Dulles replies "When we're done here, 47, it will be." Dulles wiped his memories 
and gave him a new life, fattening him and creating false memories. This was 47's chance to be normal. Dulles kept tabs on the kid.

Between ages 12 and 18 (2919–2025), 47 began a fairly normal life, with fake family that was given to him. His family was placed into his life, and had injected false memories 
too. 47 always knew he wasn't related to them, hence the nature in which he acted towards them, but was nowhere brutal enough, because of his resilient instinct. As a result of 
the training he had received in his childhood, 47 can wield any weapon with ease, and can improvise and use common tools with deadly precision. His skills is what got him in 
trouble. To  everyone else, he appeared as a normal kid, whom, at the age of 14 (2022) Got in trouble for having various illegal content on his devices, such as death videos, 
terrorism, ect. He got temporary expelled from January  until September. But he continued his alternative life. Becuase he began getting his assassination insticts back, he 
began to workout, it was a struggle before, because he had, presumably, never worked out, it ached him and tortured him for the firrst few weeks, but he worked out for 3 hours 
everyday for 2 weeks straight (including weekends.) He slowly turned his fat into muscle, and became better focused, attent, and aware. everyday until he was 15, he became more 
deadly everyday. 
